Actualize vault TLS flags (#266)
cossacklabs/product-docs: content/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-addzone.md

{{< /hint >}}

### HashiCorp Vault

`acra-addzone` can read `ACRA_MASTER_KEY` from HashiCorp Vault instead of environment variable.
### Hashicorp Vault

* `--vault_connection_api_string=<url>`

  Connection string (like `https://example.com:8200`) for connecting to HashiCorp Vault.
  If not specified, `ACRA_MASTER_KEY` environment variable will be used.
  Connection string (like `http://x.x.x.x:yyyy`) for loading `ACRA_MASTER_KEY` from HashiCorp Vault.
  Default is empty (`ACRA_MASTER_KEY` environment variable is expected).

* `--vault_secrets_path=<kv-path>`
* `--vault_secrets_path=<path>`

  Path to KV Secrets directory in Vault used to store `ACRA_MASTER_KEY`.
  KV Secret Path for reading `ACRA_MASTER_KEY` from HashiCorp Vault.
  Default is `secret/`.

> * `--vault_tls_ca_path=<path>`

Reviewer: we should leave it too due to keeping backward compatibility, as commented in related pr

  Set authentication mode that will be used for TLS connection with Vault.

  * `0` — do not request client certificate, ignore it if received;
  * `1` — request client certificate, but don't require it;
  * `2` — expect to receive at least one certificate to continue the handshake;
  * `3` — don't require client certificate, but validate it if client actually sent it;
  * `4` — (default) request and validate client certificate.

  These values correspond to [crypto.tls.ClientAuthType](https://golang.org/pkg/crypto/tls/#ClientAuthType).

* `--vault_tls_client_ca=<filename>`

>   Path to additional CA certificate for Vault certificate validation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Path to AcraServer TLS certificate's CA certificate for Vault certificate validation (AcraServer works as "client" when communicating with Vault).
```

right? here acraserver is a client

  Empty by default.

* `--vault_tls_client_cert=<filename>`

  Path to AcraServer TLS certificate presented to Vault (AcraServer works as "client" when communicating with Vault).
  Empty by default.

* `--vault_tls_client_key=<filename>`

>   Path to private key of the TLS certificate presented to Vault.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Path to AcraServer TLS certificate's private key of the TLS certificate presented to Vault (AcraServer works as "client" when communicating with Vault).
```

yes? it's a private key from AS certificate?
